# Meeting Minutes - Reactive Foundation Board

Location: Teleconference
Date:     August 27, 2020
Time:     8-9am PDT

## Attendance
 - Board
  - Vaughn Vernon
  - Ryland Degnan
  - Steve Gury
  - Ben Hale
  - Jonas Bon√©r
  - Alexy Khrabrov
 - Absent
  - Jackie Chen
 - Notable Guests
  - James Townley (TOC)
  - Kathleen Hayes (Marketing Committee)

## Agenda Items
 1. Call to order
 1. GM reports ( Alexy )
   2.  Signed Agreements
     3. 1 Platinum member (Lightbend)
     3. 1 Gold member (VMware) (inprogress)
     3. Other still in progress at End User level memberships
   2.  Proposed to have GM role supported by foundation via LF, would require a budget.
     3.  Ben Hale: Rised concern of financials
     3.  Question from the floor: Contract posistion <<actual costs withheld from minutes HR reasons>>
   	 3.  Funding exists for 6 mo as we have 1 platinum member(Lightbend)
     3.  Feels that rest of the funds could be gained in 6mo period encumbant on Alexy
     3.  Dicussion needs to happen offline 
 1. Treasurer's Report ( Vaughn )
   2.  There is a spreadsheet of expenses available that will be shared with the board.
   2.  $18,372 costs for this year (Note: less this year due to vitual summit)
 1. TOC Report ( Ryland )
   2.  Cloudstate and Cloudflow approved with conditions
   2.  Placed Rsocket in Growth
   2.  Approved Reactive Streams (pending TM signoff ) in the Impact Category
   2.  Doc for new projects on how they work with projects in the foundation
   2.  Was decided that we want to have continuity between projects
 1. Marketing Commitee Report ( Kathleen )
   2.  New website / Reactive summit work
   2.  Need more marketing sync and tools might be required
 1. Old Business
   2.  Deadline of August 31st
   2.  Advisory council is established
      3.  Find more people that should contribute (and have time to engage)
      3.  Steve may have some leads
      3.  A few more follow ups
   2. Foundation Road Map
      3.  Draft of foundation roadmap shared, would be good to have everyone review and comment and suggest
      3.  Ben will share it with his experts for review
      3.  Please please please review and suggest (Need to be done for next meeting)
 1. New Business
    2.  Reactive summit CFP closed
      3.  Shared with board and advisory council to review
      3.  Need people to review and put the (checks) in the interesting ones. (Action)
    2.  Reactive Summit Marketing
      3.  Need Marketing Contacts from the board
    2.  New Website 
      3.  Linked shared for review: https://operations2469.wixsite.com/reactivefoundation 
    2.  Launch Reactive Principals
      3.  Patterns options
      3.  Publishing with Antora(sp?)
      3.  It's managed via github
      3.  github.com/reactivefoundation/principals
      3.  Launching on the 15th of September
      3.  Social sharing assests can be shared with other marketing Departments
      3.  Launched at a meetup, with fall out meetups
 1. Comments / Announcments
 1. Adjourment

## Motions
 1. Approval of the agenda / Ben Hale / Steve Gury / unanimous / Passed
 1. Approval of the minutes / Ben Hale / Steve Gury / unanimous / Passed
 1. Motion to Adjourn / Ben Hale / Vaughn Vernon / unanimous / Passed

## Action Items
 1. Review CFP presentations / All Board Members / September 2nd 2020 
 1. Need Marketing Contacts / All Board Members / September 2nd 2020 

## Other Notes